Update README and make the assets and samples split (#11)
IBM/MAX-Text-Sentiment-Classifier: samples/README.md

# Sample Details

> ## Test Examples (samples/test-examples.tsv)

Reviewer: Minor nit - perhaps the following?
```
## Test Examples

The tab-separated-values file `test-examples.tsv` in the `samples` folder contains ...
```

Author: Done, thanks!

> This tab-separated-values file contains a fraction of the [IBM Claim Stance Dataset](http://www.research.ibm.com/haifa/dept/vst/debating_data.shtml) ([CC-BY-SA](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)) not used for finetuning. In the first column, the claim is listed. In the second column, the corresponding sentiment ('pos' or 'neg') is listed. Claims in this file may be used to try out and benchmark the performance of this model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tab-separated-values file contains a fraction of the [IBM Claim Stance Dataset](http://www.research.ibm.com/haifa/dept/vst/debating_data.shtml#Claim%20Stance) ([CC-BY-SA](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)) not used for fine-tuning. In the first column, the claim is listed. In the second column, the corresponding sentiment (`pos` or `neg`) is listed. Claims in this file may be used to try out and benchmark the performance of this model.
```
